Work come back all.
So today we're going to go ahead and perform an update of angular and a node.
Why are we doing this.
Well during the development of the Course new versions were released.
Now I want to update it.
But by the time you get to see it you'll probably see even newer versions as angular is being developed
rapidly.
Nevertheless I want to show you how you can update angular and how you can update it.
What are the procedures for updating them.
So let me go ahead and show you the first thing that we're going to go ahead and do is update Engler.
So update it regular It doesn't doesn't have a specific command we just type in something and it updates
or something like that.
Maybe it does but I didn't find it anyway.
You go into the package Jason and I just find it typings karma package.
Jason Yup there we go.
So if we scroll down you will see it's as angular common angular core.
It's the version is 2 0 0 r c so Release Candidate 1 and we are going to modify this adjacent file and
a few other files and then we're going to perform the installation.
So where are we going to get the modifications for the files.
Well we just open up Firefox
and you basically type in Angella quick starch press center and open up the very first one from the
get go
OK.
So now we need to copy a few files here.
Where is it again.
I'm looking for Jason.
Yep there we go.
OK.
So let's scroll down.
Copy it all control See and here control a control V.
Excellent.
So now we have copied over.
Let's go ahead and see our modifications.
Oh wow.
Release Candidate for so our release candidate was one hand by the time I reached this point in time
with of course the hair there came to be release candidate for basing.
Anyway press control s to save and start moving onwards.
So the next file that we need to change is system geus that conflict Arjay us.
So same place.
Just go back to get up that beautiful place for code resides and put another and go ahead and select
it all
and go back here.
Control a control V and now we need to make a small modifications here to adapt things to our application.
So just in t m p slash that set.
And there's just one more file which we need to change that is t y p typings da Chaisson.
So there we go.
This is the this is the one the fairly short one.
OK so let's just find it here.
There we go.
And they've increased it in terms of size and much thanks to all the contributors that you see here
on get help for providing this code.
This is very nice on their part.
OK.
So this is done now press control s to save.
And I didn't save just one so press control s to save this one.
OK.
Now open up the CMT and navigate over to the folder where you have QuickStart.
So it's just for me this is my path service
is it let me just type it in.
Right right right right right.
I'm just used to working with a unix shell so I just keep on typing and slashes instead of backslashes
which is frustrating.
But well QuickStart master and now I'm going to go ahead and type in and P M and Stolpe and wait for
it while we wait for it.
Go ahead and begin updating node.
So in order to big node just leave this running as it is so open up Firefox and type in node K so node.
JS.
And this is recommended for most users for point four point seven LTE.
This is the long term support version.
But as it is the newer updates to Angella actually required the versions 6 3 0 required this version
here with the latest features.
So let's go ahead.
Actually they don't require a 6 3 0 but they require 5 version 5.
But I mean I can see Version 5 anywhere around here but it doesn't really matter you can just download
6 3 0.
It should be fine.
So just run it
and wait.
Basically depending on your computer speed this might be a longer wait but apparently not.
So just go ahead and the node actually finished up as well.
The angular finished up as well node is going to happen soon.
But before I actually continue.
Let me just go ahead and show you something here.
If I type in node.
The it's version four point four.
And now let's go ahead and proceed with installation
case.
Next install and wait for days to finish.
Shouldn't take too long.
Today.
Now I need that music when you wait on the phone for somebody to answer.
I should i should get.
Seriously you just for such occasions when something is installing
removing backup files.
Never could ID but ok.
Why not.
Maybe it's just removing the old backup files and accreting will create new ones probably at a certain
point in time.
OK.
No JS has been successfully installed.
Let's just go ahead and click on Finnish and let's type in node.
The there you go.
It's six point three point zero.
OK.
So these are all the things that we need to do in terms of updates in order to actually update update
node and update and Giller.
If you want you can type in and start as well and just to start at once after the procedure is done
this is always a good idea to verify that it's working but ours is actually not working.
So I'm going to need to come back and troubleshoot this problem.
So to see what what went wrong because this is a common thing to occur after an update.
Things tend to break.
That's why I said it is a good idea to actually type in NPM start immediately after the update to verify
that you don't have any errors but you are very likely to actually have errors.
And we're going to attempt to fix them in the follow up tutorial and then it should all work out and
we can go ahead and proceed with the course then.